Notes regarding sidePanel API compatibility (#37508)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/sidebaraction/index.md

Gets and sets properties of an extension's sidebar.

A [sidebar](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Sidebars) is a pane displayed at the left or right of a web page. The browser provides a UI that enables the user to see the available sidebars and select one to display. An extension defines sidebars using the [`sidebar_action`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/sidebar_action) manifest.json key. The extension can then get and set the sidebar's properties using this API.

> [!NOTE]

> > Chrome provides support for sidebars through the [`sidePanel` API](https://help.opera.com/en/extensions/sidebar-action-api). This API is not compatible with `sidebarAction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Chrome provides support for sidebars through the [`sidePanel` API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/sidePanel). This API is not compatible with `sidebarAction`.
```
